that's in starting to depress me and I
think I'll show you a couple reasons
watch depressing me know the glovebox
door fell off for one it was taped on
there evidently what what's this mean
yeah I told my door panel trying to fix
this bed and walk it somehow has a penis
stuck or something also I know this
while my doors rusted out yeah oh yeah
what happens in my passenger seat well
since no one really wants to ride with
someone who doesn't have a passenger
door open I took it out today and put it
inside my shed pretty depressing let's
show you more finally patched this tire
I had a bigger tire on there it's in the
back of the truck that's a some reason
my back tires are bigger than my fun
tires do not know why yeah my intent is
broken which doesn't really matter
because my radio doesn't work store
never really closes properly for some
reason Oh see my speaker see the two
dangling wires fell off keeps falling
off it doesn't matter though because I
got a bad fuse to my cigarette liar and
so my radio doesn't work anymore I need
to get a fuse kind of had time someone
else is depressing about this truck oh
how come the windshield wipers let's
give tool
my big screwdriver so Lynch Wilton my
mini keys I have too many keys wait for
it Phil pumps own now turn
Oh co-op
there we go that's how I had to turn on
my windshield wipers it's also very
depressing my floorboards are pretty
rusted out some reason my firewall leaks
onto my carpet and also into my fuse box
and then I took fuses that's another
depressing thing how that seat belt
doesn't work this many will work very
well either again no glove box store us
is terrible for some reason the
interiors pink what else oh my horns
working he's not the work oh I got a
knob evidently having a easy rider snob
is like the most illegal thing in
Georgia really they'll find you like
$150 but I can't turn the steering wheel
without it because I don't have power
steering because the truck is income
with power steering which sucks let's
look under the hood or more depressing
things this is the japanese version of
f350 yeah everything anything if he
looks pretty depressing want to see
something really depressing I don't have
a belt going to my compressor but I do
have a capacitor C it spins I'm not sure
if the clutch is good or not let's see
if we have any question inside our
eating their unit this is the low side
yeah so I have that tester that means my
dryer isn't bad because it still has
pressure but I don't have a belt for my
compressor and i might go get one and
tested but i'm thinking probably there
was a reason why to remove the belt off
the presser I don't know what else is
depressing Oh with that backing one it's
a vacuum line is somewhere around here
that depresses the hell out of me oh
this one there's just a screw in it why
is your screw in it what does it go to
what does it do well she was a chart i
had to tell me you're everything lint ah
what else think that's all Oh what is
that can you tell i got some type of
okay so you got a line here i think a
hose went from here to this and you
gotta vacuum line right here and you
gotta switch yeah i think a vacuum from
the engine would be cold to start would
I don't know Micah breathe the exam or
mayor oh I'm leaking oil around my valve
cover gasket that's pretty depressing
see what else this what holds this on
you may ask a drywall screw yeah only
guessing the truck has going for it is
it actually was made in Japan lose
there's a VIN it starts with a Jang this
is going to walk around in my depressing
truck I don't know he gets great gas
knowledge at least I thought it did
until I measured it my first ball that I
measured in I got 31 miles to the gallon
highway just another day I measured it
and for some reason my hat got a 18 I
was like what why am I getting 18 miles
to the gallon and a dad son when I could
be driving my brother's truck and get 18
to the young and have a hell of a lot
more pick up I don't know I think it's
because I had a larger tire on the front
my spare is larger for some reason so i
put back on the small tire patched in
hopefully now i'll get better gas
mileage I think it's going to rain so I
better open window